introduction to software engineering 
Assignmentlab1


Question1:software engineering it’s a part of systems engineering process. Do you agree with this above statement? Justify your answer.
Answer:Yes i agree The fact that software engineering is a part of system engineering because system engineering concerns the overall management of engineering projects throughout the life cycle. While software  engineering concern The design and development of specified software of highest quality which is all done in the system engineering.

Question2: what is software crisis?
             Answer: 
software crisis is a term used in computer science for the difficulty of writing useful and efficient computer programs in the required time. This was due to using Sim work force, same methods, same tools even though rapidly increasing in software demand, if we use the same workforce, same methods and same tools after fast Increasing in software demand and software challenges, then they arise some problem like software budget, software quality etc. This condition is called software crisis.

Question3: 
what are the professional responsibilities of a software engineer?

Answer: 
The following are some responsibilities of a software engineer:-

Research and Analysis:
software engineers must generate solutions without a roadmap. For back end engineers, This may mean integrating an API into their tech stack. For front end developers, this may mean building interface that can walk across multiple browsers.

System design:
A bug in software engineer has to architect the technical underpinnig that brings A designers solution to life, while a front end engineer focuses on the user facing aspect of the program.

Support:
Products that have gone to market and never completed; they always need continued iteration, support and patching. Software engineers are continuously supporting their product they biuld.

Question4: 
component-based software engineering allows faster delivery. State whether the statement is true or false. Justify your answer.

Answer:
True,Sing software is developed for specific component, it is easier to test and use Version created for previous models of components. Also using previously tested components they produce more reliable system of a faster rate.
    
